Hai.
And we're talking about...
Onigiri. Oh!... My favorite.
Tarako and... right.
Oh.
This is now generation.
Oh, yeah. The salmon. Yeah.
Oh.
American mayonnaise or Japanese mayonnaise?
yeah
Yeah.
Oh.
I'm not a big fan of mayonnaise to start off with so
I think Japanese mayonnaise is like too much.
yeah it's too no it's just the flavor
It's just a...
Yeah, because I don't like mayonnaise to start off with.
And when it's so rich in flavor, it's like, oh no.
Oh really?
Oh, that's like a punishment for me.
Yeah.
Oh my god, I- I can't do that. You know.
Oh, no.
But, Yeah like, I remember Japanese people like the mayonnaise.
and I was shocked. One time I wanted to eat buta kimchi.
like the pork sauteed with kimchi and I made it
Yeah, and then my cousin's like, oh
I'll tell you the best way to eat it and I just wanted my kimchi and pork.
And she takes the mayonnaise and pours it over.
and puts like the cheese
and the torokeru, yeah, that... that yeah that instant cheese.
pops it in the microwave and gives it back to me and I'm like you just destroyed
I really didn't eat.
I was like so upset.
But I can't- I can't even imagine.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
yeah
On kimchi?
effort
yeah
Yeah.
I- I hate bananas.
That's more of like I used to love banana as a kid
And then I went to a Chinese restaurant.
and the people that are served like
Fried banana. Never eat fried bananas at a Chinese restaurant.
It was like I think like a banana that was almost about to go rotten.
so it was really like slimy.
and sick and
it was just disgusting and every time I eat a banana that
The flavor just and the smell like comes back to life.
I think it's like maybe seven. Yeah.
And ever since then, I just don't like bananas.
Strawberry like bananas, banana cream pie.
Yeah.
Any type of dairy.
Do you like...try...
Ice cream.
Okay.
Oh, sorbet type is less milk.
No, cream. Okay.
Yeah. Farm.
Oh.
Is there something you don't?
Is it the texture?
Oh, that metallic kind of taste. Yeah.
Oh, so messy.
I'm sure you do.
Yeah